Did I not tell you the whereabouts of Sister Chen Lin?
Why won't you let me go?
Don't worry, he went to a very safe place
I promise you I will let you see him again
Promise me
Take this with you wherever you go.
When I'm not around
He will protect you
I put a locator in the toy
Once the hot pot flashes
I know where he is the first time
Give it to Sister Chen Ning
Why is that?
He needs protection more than I do
Brother Jiang Yu, are you really not coming to my house to sit?
What do you think?
I know Brother Jiang Yu doesn't like me
But at least give it a show
Otherwise, I know that something is really going on today.
OK.
Brother, this is not me coming to you.